alright so this is a made in Japan
fender telecaster thinline 72 reissue
has the humbuckers in it as you can see
now you can you can see the back lines
changed this is actually pretty much
what i was using out of the everything
that you see in the earlier videos and
all that stuff will be set up again it's
just transitioning but this is the
triple rectifier going to the vintage
vintage cabinet and then this is the
basement going through the jcm 900 the
one that it was going through and the
other videos had the black black marshal
you
what
so here's a middle position here
everything all
many basement
so here is with the way off
you
it somewhere hold on
member
hey
anyways
Oh
you
so it's
hey
place nicely feels like plays nicely
into it and that set up fresh strings
and so yeah hate think string it out Oh
serial number on this one is a 039 87
and said it is a telecaster thinline and
says crap the din Japan on the back all
right there sugar it out